[Music]
is it a myth that to get slim and shaped
size you need to spend hours in the gym
what if I told you that you can get the
same results by doing a set of exercises
that take just 10 minutes a day if
recently you've been thinking about
nothing else but a lovely thigh gap this
video is for you one wide stance squats
the first exercise of this workout will
help you to work your hamstrings and
quads on top of that it will strengthen
your hip muscles glutes lower back abs
and core muscles to do the exercise
correctly stand straight with your legs
wider than shoulder width apart such a
wide stance will work your hip muscles
and glutes better than the usual
shoulder width stance besides it will
take some pressure off of your knees
as soon as you're in the correct
position imagine that you're going to
sit down and start to lower your butt
your knees should point out but at the
same time be in line with your feet dip
as low as you can and freeze in that
position for several seconds after that
return to the initial standing position
do 30 reps in total to Pilates leg lifts
this exercise targets your thighs glutes
obliques and abdominal muscles it
involves your inner thigh muscles and
thus leads to the appearance of a thigh
gap on top of that when you do it you
automatically pull your abs in and up
which makes them more defined and also
improves your balance lie down on your
side and make sure that your ankles
knees thighs hips and shoulders are
aligned extend your legs completely and
either prop your head on your hand or
lean your upper body on your elbow raise
your leg as high as you can
don't hurry your movements should be
slow and controlled
stay in this position for several
seconds then lower your leg back to the
floor repeat this exercise 30 times for
each side 3 bridge raises thanks to this
exercise your glutes thighs and abs will
get more toned and defined plus you'll
greatly improve your posture and
strengthen your core which in turn will
help you to get rid of lower back pain
lie down on your back with your legs
bent at the knee and your feet close to
your butt hip-width apart put some
object for example a pillow or a towel
between your knees
after that lift your hips off the floor
pull it at the top for several seconds
and lower back to the initial position
when you raise your hips don't forget to
squeeze the object you have between your
knees as tightly as you can also make
sure you don't rush and pay attention to
every movement your body should form a
straight line from the knees up four
butterfly stretches if you thought that
stretching couldn't help you get a thigh
gap think again butterfly stretches not
only open up your thigh and hip muscles
and improve flexibility but also loosen
and lengthen the inner thigh muscles sit
on your training mat board just on the
floor with your back straight bend your
knees and place the soles of your feet
together so that the whole construction
resembles a butterfly move your heels as
close to your groin as possible and
start to flap your thighs up and down
count to ten
stop moving your thighs and bend your
head towards your feet if you feel a
slight stretch in your thighs you're
doing everything correctly repeat this
exercise five times but be careful not
to apply too much pressure on your
muscles otherwise you may harm yourself
five lateral lunges lateral lunges
target your inner as well as outer
thighs as a result you work on your
thigh gap and simultaneously reduce
outer side saddlebags as a pleasant
bonus this exercise also tones your
glutes and tightens your hips
stand up straight with your legs apart
then step to the right with your right
foot squat as low as you can and at the
same time straighten your left leg then
raise and move your right foot back to
the initial position repeat the same
movement with your left foot repeat this
exercise 30 times alternating right and
left sides six star jumps and exercise
as simple as jumping up and down can
actually make a world of difference to
your thighs
this movement also gets your heart rate
up and is great for the whole body
toning thing stand straight with your
feet together and your hands on your
hips
remember that your toes should point
forward then bend your knees and jump
straight up while extending your legs to
the sides and your arms above your head
from the side your body is supposed to
resemble a five-pointed star with your
legs arms and head forming it's five
points bring your feet together while
landing repeat this exercise ten times
seven scissor kicks scissor kicks not
only shape and tone your thighs but also
do wonders for your abs lie down on your
back with your palms flat on the floor
and your legs stretched out then raise
your legs off the floor your right leg
needs to be a bit higher in the air than
your left one there should be a
45-degree angle between them start
switching your legs in the air as if
they're a pair of scissors cutting paper
the more pointed your toes are the
better you'll work your thighs do two
sets of thirty reps each eight cross
stepping what would you pick going up
the stairs or using an escalator well if
your ultimate goal is beautiful thighs
the only correct answer is walking or
even running up the stairs this can also
be a perfect warming up exercise before
your workout the best way to perform
this exercise is on a staircase but make
sure that you hold on to the railing for
balance and safety when you make the
first step across one leg over the other
and move up to the next stair after that
repeat the same movement with the other
leg and keep going this way until you're
at the top of the stairs 9 stability
ball squeeze to do this exercise you'll
need an exercise or a Swiss ball the
ball shouldn't be too heavy otherwise
you won't be able to use it the
stability ball squeeze is an effective
exercise that targets your thighs
directly on top of that if you do this
exercise while lying down
it works your abs glutes and core
muscles if you're a beginner you can do
this exercise in a sitting position
otherwise you can lie down on your back
although your position will still
resemble some reversed way of sitting
anyway it
you're sitting make sure that your heels
stay on the floor and your feet are
parallel to the floor position the ball
between your thighs and squeeze your
legs as closely together as possible
stay this way for a minute or so then
relax do as many reps as you can 10
chair squats for this exercise you can
actually use a chair or pretend that
there is an invisible chair behind your
back whatever you choose chair squats
will make your lower body stronger stand
straight with your feet hip-width apart
your weight should be centered on your
heels then your abs will automatically
draw in and up move your lower body down
as if you're going to sit on a chair
freeze at the lowest point and stay
there for several seconds then return to
the initial position repeat this
movement 10 to 15 times and do three
sets of chair squats as you see usually
this workout takes no more than 10 to 15
minutes remember that if you don't want
your thighs to bulk up you should do
these exercises in moderation and avoid
eating a lot of protein before you
workout do you know any other exercises
that help to get that desirable thigh
gap it's so sound off down in the
comments if you learn something new
today then give this video a like share
it with a friend and here are some more
cool videos to check out from the bright
side of life